hello and happy face palm for well okay
it's not facepalm Friday I know I'm late
but I haven't been around for the past
week kind of been really busy so I'm
sorry but I don't want to have to make
you wait a whole nother week to see this
episode so I decided hey better late
than next week so I'll just call this
sorry it's really really late Sunday but
all the same welcome to another episode
of why would you put that on the
internet web series where you find
ridiculousness on the internet send it
to me and I put it into a video so let's
do this thing
bananas are a great source of potassium
I sucked a massive banana today winky
face with extra mayonnaise banana with
mayonnaise for some reason I don't think
she's talking about an actual banana if
only we had some kind of artificial
intelligence to decode these cryptic
messages oh wait I've implemented one
and she will be assisting us with
numerous functions one of which will be
translating skanks in their native skank
language aedra oh oh you're too much
open trance LUT please decode the
previous status translating translating
translating I am a classless skank who
pleases men only it talks about it or
hand it Wow wasn't expecting that one
looks like you learn something new every
day
Thank You aedra for crying out loud what
can I say the ladies love me and please
don't judge love is not defined by two
humans okay can be a robot and a person
be two robots - robots and a pig really
wanted to be I mean let's love is love
okay you don't know what an attention
whore is yet you're about to find out
they post I'm done with everything I
can't I'm such a prick and they follow
up with and don't ask I won't tell oh
you're done you mean like totally done
yeah sure we'll see in about 30 minutes
when you hop back on Facebook talking
about how awesome you
life is how great things are and how you
should take advantage of every blissful
moment that our lives make available to
us and when you're spewing on about how
happy you are with your significant
other and how you're celebrating your
three and a half day anniversary yeah
we'll be here for that some people have
such overwhelming issues I'm really
horny but period frown my frown issues
frown so sad makes all those third-world
orphans dying of starvation look like a
bunch of little wimps suck it up kids at
least you don't have horny but periods
Oh a new shirt let's take a look
ah yes yes exactly yep uh did you really
expect anything else did I mean really
just come on did you really expect
anything else I can't really tell what
type of shirt that is I doubt she even
knows what type of shirt that is you
probably just saw it's all big the neck
was just grabbed it off the rack and was
all like oh yeah that's definitely gonna
look good I'm definitely oh she's
definitely gonna be a whore and this oh
I can't wait to make all those boys
horny and then just not deliver ooh that
looks great a lot of people aren't too
fond of the idea of a relationship
relationships are silly and people are
disappointing I'd rather smoke and just
not trip off this anymore a couple weeks
later lo and behold what pops up on
their Facebook you guessed it chub am
bitching about relationships is kind of
like complaining about drinking water no
matter how much you piss and moan about
it you're just gonna eventually do it
anyway sometimes it's fun to think of
absurd scenarios out of any animal to
have sex with I'd pick a dolphin thank
you for letting us know that is a
crucial bit of information I mean I'm
sure you could have been a real sicko
and like went for a koala or something
so it speaks to your character
dolphins are much cleaner and much more
likely to enjoy it anyway and you know
those koala reservations are just full
of rape and incest and murder tone ads
are those numbers so science time did
you know in order to keep a constant eye
out for predators dolphins only sleep
with one side of their brain at a time
research conducted over a 15 day period
showed the dolphins even after over two
weeks of no total sleep were able to
still perform at the peak of their
abilities and I
shai could do that the hell with it I'm
gonna try yeah no that's absolute horse
that doesn't work at all
the next person is the life of the party
wait a second
no no no he's an ass I meant to say he's
an ass no one could tell me how to live
my life if I want to drink and drive I
will drink and drive it's not like I get
blackout drunk but I don't care I do
what I want I've woken up in bed each
time so obvi I'm good at being drunk I
bet all you college students are feeling
pretty stupid right now you put down
tens of thousands of dollars to harness
a skill to better the world that
philosophy degree is gonna make you a
pro at pumping gas
this guy could take 12 shots of SoCo to
the face and still manages to wake up in
his own bed the next morning long
division doesn't seem so impressive
anymore does it and of course more boobs
she post this picture with the caption
all squeaky clean and ready to meet new
people these babies are gonna get me
again a dinner tonight and for an
unlimited time only they're gonna get
you a baby and a deadbeat dad too and
the only thing you'll be sucking off
more than the random guys you meet up
with at the club are welfare checks but
don't worry the US government has your
breasts mmm back back they have your
back and that's it for this episode of
why would you put that on the Internet
remember if you find someone being
ridiculous on the internet screencap it
and send it to me either through my
Facebook fan page or my Twitter which
are both linked in the description below
I'd like to take a quick moment to
remind everyone to check out a good
friends Channel his name is Dexter and
without him why would you put that on
the Internet wouldn't have been a
possibility he makes hilarious videos
with a bunch of crazy special effects in
it it's awesome a lot of entertainment
hours of it go check him out his
channels in the description below what I
would love more than anything in the
entire world nothing could make me love
anything else more would be if you would
thumbs up and favorite this video what I
would love even more than that would be
if you would subscribe to my channel and
I will see you next facepalm Friday I
can pretty much guarantee that this time
so uh
hang tight yo bitches a drop